---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "civo_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-civo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on instances for use in other resources, with the ability to filter and sort the results. If no filters are specified, all instances will be returned.
  Note: You can use the civo_instance data source to obtain metadata about a single instance if you already know the id, unique hostname, or unique tag to retrieve.
---

# civo_instances (Data Source)

Get information on instances for use in other resources, with the ability to filter and sort the results. If no filters are specified, all instances will be returned.

Note: You can use the `civo_instance` data source to obtain metadata about a single instance if you already know the id, unique hostname, or unique tag to retrieve.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "civo_instances" "small-size" {
    region = "LON1"
    filter {
        key = "size"
        values = [g3.small]
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `region` (String) If used, all instances will be from the provided region
- `sort` (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instances` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) Filter instances by this key. This may be one of `cpu_cores`, `created_at`, `disk_gb`, `firewall_id`, `hostname`, `id`, `initial_password`, `initial_user`, `network_id`, `notes`, `private_ip`, `pseudo_ip`, `public_ip`, `ram_mb`, `region`, `reverse_dns`, `script`, `size`, `sshkey_id`, `status`, `tags`, `template`.
- `values` (List of String) Only retrieves `instances` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- `match_by` (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `key` (String) Sort instances by this key. This may be one of `cpu_cores`, `created_at`, `disk_gb`, `firewall_id`, `hostname`, `id`, `initial_password`, `initial_user`, `network_id`, `notes`, `private_ip`, `pseudo_ip`, `public_ip`, `ram_mb`, `region`, `reverse_dns`, `script`, `size`, `sshkey_id`, `status`, `template`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_cores` (Number)
- `created_at` (String)
- `disk_gb` (Number)
- `firewall_id` (String)
- `hostname` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `initial_password` (String)
- `initial_user` (String)
- `network_id` (String)
- `notes` (String)
- `private_ip` (String)
- `pseudo_ip` (String)
- `public_ip` (String)
- `ram_mb` (Number)
- `region` (String)
- `reverse_dns` (String)
- `script` (String)
- `size` (String)
- `sshkey_id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Set of String)
- `template` (String)


