---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "civo_region Data Source - terraform-provider-civo"
subcategory: "Civo Network"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about the region that Civo supports, with the ability to filter the results.
---

# civo_region (Data Source)

Retrieves information about the region that Civo supports, with the ability to filter the results.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "civo_region" "default" {
    filter {
        key = "default"
        values = ["true"]
    }
}

resource "civo_instance" "my-test-instance" {
    hostname = "foo.com"
    region = element(data.civo_region.default.regions, 0).code
    tags = ["python", "nginx"]
    notes = "this is a note for the server"
    size = element(data.civo_instances_size.small.sizes, 0).name
    disk_image = element(data.civo_disk_image.debian.diskimages, 0).id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `sort` (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `regions` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `key` (String) Filter regions by this key. This may be one of `code`, `country`, `default`, `name`.
- `values` (List of String) Only retrieves `regions` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- `all` (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- `match_by` (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- `key` (String) Sort regions by this key. This may be one of `code`, `country`, `default`, `name`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String)
- `country` (String)
- `default` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)


