---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "civo_template Data Source - terraform-provider-civo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  civo_template data source is deprecated. Moving forward, please use civo_disk_image data source.
  Get information on an template for use in other resources (e.g. creating a instance) with the ability to filter the results.
---

# civo_template (Data Source)

`civo_template` data source is deprecated. Moving forward, please use `civo_disk_image` data source.

Get information on an template for use in other resources (e.g. creating a instance) with the ability to filter the results.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "civo_template" "debian" {
   filter {
        key = "name"
        values = ["debian-10"]
   }
}

resource "civo_instance" "my-test-instance" {
    hostname = "foo.com"
    tags = ["python", "nginx"]
    notes = "this is a note for the server"
    size = element(data.civo_instances_size.small.sizes, 0).name
    template = element(data.civo_template.debian.templates, 0).id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **filter** (Block Set) One or more key/value pairs on which to filter results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **region** (String)
- **sort** (Block List) One or more key/direction pairs on which to sort results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sort))

### Read-Only

- **templates** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templates))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- **key** (String) Filter templates by this key. This may be one of `id`, `label`, `name`, `version`.
- **values** (List of String) Only retrieves `templates` which keys has value that matches one of the values provided here

Optional:

- **all** (Boolean) Set to `true` to require that a field match all of the `values` instead of just one or more of them. This is useful when matching against multi-valued fields such as lists or sets where you want to ensure that all of the `values` are present in the list or set.
- **match_by** (String) One of `exact` (default), `re`, or `substring`. For string-typed fields, specify `re` to match by using the `values` as regular expressions, or specify `substring` to match by treating the `values` as substrings to find within the string field.


<a id="nestedblock--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sort`

Required:

- **key** (String) Sort templates by this key. This may be one of `id`, `label`, `name`, `version`.

Optional:

- **direction** (String) The sort direction. This may be either `asc` or `desc`.


<a id="nestedatt--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templates`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String)
- **label** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **version** (String)


